Curb

Requisite

Feedback

Feedback: if Concluding then knows fc. alt. if not know fc then not concluding.

I want to make sure this conditional is true.
Well, this is a systemic constraint.
If don't know fc, then don't conclude.
Because, if don't know fc, then don't know there isn't some pe in which conflict or fail.


So, with curbs, understand how things can make it so that the agent is not concluding.

So, curb, this introduces a link between concludes and concluding.
This is what I want to have.
If no pevent when concluding, then the agent does not conclude.

So, with this in mind, what I want to show from Feedback is that, ah, well, this is the focus on concluding.

If there is a condition which blocks concluding, so, what I want to show is that <psi> when know fc amounts to a curb.

Suppose there is no pevent.
Then, the agent does not know.
Therefore, the agent stops.

Understand why this conditional is true, because understand how lack of pevent influences concluding.

So, if curb, then if no pe, then event does not develop into an event in which the agent concludes.
For, then the event is not such that the agent is concluding.



All I need is this conditional.
If concluding, then know foregone-conclusion.
If don't know foregone-conclusion then not concluding.

So, all I need for this is to motivate why the agent would stop concluding.
And, there are two cases.
First, no potential event. In this case, though, the agent is sure that they would get the result, so this is a problem.
Second, conflicting, and in this case, the agent would have to revise something.

If the agent is not sure of either of these two cases, then they will stop the current event.

Both of these things make a lot of sense.
And, the agent clearly has control over whether or not they conclude.

So, define a requ to be such that this conditional is true.
There are cases in which this is true, and these cases go both ways.

Then, it's just observing that these positive cases work out.

Okay, requisite, then, is when the agent wants to be sure.
Oh, right, really cool.
There are cases in which the basic thing is fixed, but different answers.
So, in cases where awake and had a bunch of coffee, arithmetic, conclude.
Cases in which a bottle of whisky, arithmetic, no conclude.
Or, more common for me, cases in which I've pursued far too many different avenues, and need to come back with a clear mind.

Being a requ is independent of whether or not the agent knows.

AHA, and this avoids the counterfactual worry, for it's plausible this property still holds, because in the closest world in which I don't know, it's because I drank the bottle of whisky.

So, this is much better.

Define requ in terms of fc.
Then, expand definition according to that of a fc.
With this expanded, observe that it is plausible that in these cases, if either of the two things fail, then the agent would stop the event.

That's it.

With this in hand, then it's just taking a case in which I have a requi and linking this to qWhyV.

This then establishes the link.

And, then, to generate counterexamples, only need to observe that requi without a witness.

And, these are plentiful.

Done.

First chapter, requi, and why true.
Second, link to qWhyV.
Third, counterexamples.
Fourth, embedding.